---
title: Lesson4
layout: post
author: joe.burton
permalink: /lesson4/
source-id: 1Mp--15iRRXifkMcJBlFUMULmzBRmplgL4DN6XAji60c
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 4</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>6/2/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>As always, this was a new set of code and instructions</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson</td>
    <td>To get through as much of the booklet as possible</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This week, I was the navigator, and Harry was the driver. We copied the code exactly, and when that did not work, we moved on, which really worked well, as it turned out the booklet had it written slightly differently on the next addition to the code - what we had previously done was different. This proved to work this time, and the perseverance, and being able to ignore the problem and moved to something else, which seemed to be something that works for us to do.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The problem with me being the navigator is that, as much of the coding words are the same, and I must say the same thing a lot of times, it causes me to get a bit jumbled with what it is that I am saying. This would cause me to commonly get my spaces and my enters mixed.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time that I am navigator, I will think carefully about what I am saying, and try to predict anything that Harry could misunderstand, or miss interpret in what I am saying. I will clearly only state what I see shown before me, and never fail to not mention something, or to mention something unneeded.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


