---
title: Lesson 3
layout: post
author: joe.burton
permalink: /lesson-3/
source-id: 1GJZD1mpi0D_hdMeCsAyUaKOCvRooxmZP09AULHZBQMM
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 3</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>23/1/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>New set of code</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Continue to program with Fuzebox</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This lesson, the roles with me and my partner Harry were reversed, this time I was the driver (the person who types in all the code), and harry was the navigator (the person who reads the instructions from the booklet and tells the other what to write). Me and Harry work together well, and our coordination, and sense of role is fairly good.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>One of the things I did wrong this lesson, is that we kept deleting tabs often,, as we did not know what we were doing, and that the work had to be saved, to be able to run it. Sometimes I might not have thought much about what something would do, or could do, commonly resulting in deleting the tab, or having to start again.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next week I will get programming quicker, as this week it took us a while, with deleting tabs as well as having to restart the Fuzebox, and monitor. I will make less rash decisions, and focus completely on the monitor when I am driver, as Harry was often waiting expectantly for me to press enter, when I had forgotten to, and was waiting for him to give me instructions instead. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


