---
title: Lesson 2
layout: post
author: joe.burton
permalink: /lesson-2/
source-id: 1b2WhZo-BvWF2LAdy1-8aZKSH8oTOD2luI1nmaWTTJgs
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 2</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>16/1/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>This was our first lesson, and so we did not have anything done before.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Start to explore programming in BASIC, with fusebox</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Me and my my partner Harry accurately followed the instructions on the booklet we were given about how to program. Me and Harry had a job each, I was reading the booklet and telling Harry what needed to be done, while he typed out the commands needed for the computer to do what we wanted.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My group were quite slow to set up our devices, with unravelling cables and plugging them in. We had to restart our fusebox once, as the tab we had confusedly opened would not close. We also took quite a long time to set down, and save our work at the end of the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This week I did not know that I needed to bring in a memory stick, which was the cause of slow setting down. We would also have had more time, if we had known how everything worked. Now that I know how the routine goes, it should make it a lot easier to set everything up, and get on with programming.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


