---
title: Lesson 5
layout: post
author: joe.burton
permalink: /lesson-5/
source-id: 1lI4eokn43PWUiuaDK7Ecb3olTt9K_-KYfeSuaPt9PmA
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 5</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>20/2/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>We started making pictures, and continuing inputs</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To complete more booklet tasks</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td> Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>
This week, I was the driver, typing in all the code, and handling the fuze box to make sure all the keys were pressed. Harry was the navigator, telling me all the commands that needed to be typed in to make a sweetly running program, and making sure that everything that I typed in was sound with what he could see, and read, in the booklet. This week, we improved upon previous weeks, in that Harry read out precisely what he saw, including the correct punctuation, and all the spaces corresponding directly to what was in the booklet. This meant that it was far rarer that I would have to delete what I had typed, but instead that The code was right first time. It was especially helpful today, as we were mostly using numbers, brackets, commas and spaces. We also managed very well how what I was typing caused what happened when we ran the program, meaning that we could create our own code that was similar, but produced a different display on screen, when ran.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>
We worked fairly steadily, and so are not as far forward as other groups, which puts us at a disadvantage when we get later into the project, as we will either have less time to do the final piece of code, or we won't have done all that is needed.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>
Next time, we will try to complete our work faster, and simply type in code, and not mess around too much with what we can do with it.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


